Use server-side bucket copy when freezing Spaces (#482)
gradio-app/trackio: docs/source/deploy_embed.md

This creates a new static Space (by default named `{space_id}_static`) containing a snapshot of the project's data from the source Space's bucket. The original Space is not modified.

> Unlike `trackio.sync(..., sdk="static")`, `freeze()` is a one-time snapshot. If new metrics are later uploaded to the original Gradio Space, the frozen static Space will not update automatically.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that`freeze()` is a one-time snapshot. If new metrics are later uploaded to the original Gradio Space, the frozen static Space will not update automatically.
```
